README.md, before:

# ListingMVVM

[![CI Status](https://www.bitrise.io/app/ee017a1e938e97f6/status.svg?token=5CIU9VwP44DIDMuiIuroNw&branch=master)](https://www.bitrise.io/app/ee017a1e938e97f6)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/BrunoMiguens/LMVVM/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/BrunoMiguens/LMVVM)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/ListingMVVM)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/ListingMVVM)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/ListingMVVM)

## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements

## Installation

ListingMVVM is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'ListingMVVM'
```

## Author

[Feel free to contact me!](brunomiguens@icloud.com)

## License

ListingMVVM is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Minor changes and more unit tests

README.md, after:

# ListingMVVM

[![CI Status](https://www.bitrise.io/app/ee017a1e938e97f6/status.svg?token=5CIU9VwP44DIDMuiIuroNw&branch=master)](https://www.bitrise.io/app/ee017a1e938e97f6)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/BrunoMiguens/LMVVM/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/BrunoMiguens/LMVVM)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/BrunoMiguens/ListingMVVM/releases)
![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/ListingMVVM.svg?style=flat)

## Requirements

Check if your project meet the requirements below:

 - iOS 8
 - Xcode 7

 > If you feel that is possible to make this library more flexible, in requirements terms, please let me know or go ahead and contribute 👌🏻💪🏻

## Installation

ListingMVVM is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile and install the pods by running `pod install`:

```ruby
use_frameworks!

pod 'ListingMVVM'
```

#### Todo:
 - [ ] Support Carthage

## Example



## Author

Feel free to contribute, give feedback or whatever you feel that you need to share.

[GitHub](https://github.com/BrunoMiguens) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BrunoMiguns) | [Email](brunomiguens@icloud.com)

## License

ListingMVVM is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
